Dr. Eggman went head-to-head
with Sonic.
And the hedgehog hammered
him big-time.
Did he survive?
Did he escape?
Where is Dr. Eggman?
I need to know if he survived
the attack on his ship.
We're searching the area
near the crash site
to see if there's
any sign of him.
If we don't track down
that madman soon,
he's going to strike back.
Find him!
Right.
[Groans]
[Laughs]
Doctor?
Quiet!
Don't make a sound.
There's a search team up there
listening for us.
If they hear us, we're done for.
Sorry.
[All groan]
[All sigh]
Now go outside and get this ship
patched up, you lead heads!
Outside in the water?
But we will short-circuit.
Not to mention rust.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Are you ready for dessert?
- Yeah!
- Chao!
I'm glad you're here.
I have good news.
What kind of good news, Chuck?
I'm going to hand out
some official documents
issued by the government
that you'll need to hang on to.
Documents?
Yes, to verify your identity.
But what for?
They'll help you prove who you
are when you travel around.
And for Tails,
we have special licenses
that allow him to fly any kind
of aircraft he can build
to any destination
on the planet.
All these just to fly?
He never needed them before.
Well, that's the price Tails
and the others will have to pay
for being made residents
of this place.
From now on,
they're going to have to follow
the same rules and regulations
as the rest of us.
I look terrible!
Really?
- You do?
- Let me see.
Why did they have to use
this picture?
I look like a lunatic!
Now, now, Miss Amy.
I wouldn't say that it makes you
look like a lunatic, exactly.
It makes me look like an insane,
off-the-wall,
out-of-control maniac!
I hate it!
Hey, there, guys.
What's all the excitement
about in here?
Sonic, just in time.
I've got your documents, too.
Here.
Always keep this with you.
Huh?
What's this for?
It's a passport
so you can go wherever you want
whenever you want to.
Pretty cool.
I do like to travel.
If I went everywhere I wanted to
go on this whole planet,
it'd take me [chuckles]
About a day.
Bye, everybody.
- We'll see you later.
- Chao! Chao!
Now, you be careful up there.
No funny stuff.
Bye, Grandpa.
I'll see you.
I'll be waiting.
X-Tornado, take off!
Tanaka, go keep an eye on Chris,
but make sure
he doesn't see you.
Yes, sir.
I will be invisible.
[Chuckles]
Oh, Amy, are we going to go
somewhere that's sunny?
Uh-huh.
Look.
The Grand Blue Sapphire Sea.
This travel guide says
it's one of the most beautiful
places on the whole planet.
[Sighs]
I bet the sunsets
are very romantic.
CHRIS:
Hey, Amy. Do you read me?
Huh?
Check out the scenery
down there.
It's really pretty awesome.
I'm not looking.
I only care about one thing,
and that's getting
to the sea A.S.A. P.
But I'm trying to tell you.
We're flying over the Grand Blue
Sapphire Sea right now!
[Gasping]
Wow, the water looks amazing!
It's so beautiful!
Chao! Chao!
Yeah, I wanna go swim
and go water-skiing, too.
Let's all go sailing.
Chao!
Yeah, I can't wait.
TAILS:
Hey, Chris.
What's wrong?
Check out the Chaos Emerald.
Could it be another emerald?
Aah!
Hey, what's going on?
The same thing happened
when we were flying over Diamond
Stadium, and that means...
Since we're flying over water,
there must be a Chaos Emerald
underwater!
You're right, Cream.
Then we have to go find it.
Hang on!
I see a landing spot.
I'm gonna take us down.
[Caribbean music plays]
Ahh, nice place here.
Hmm?
Let's try to keep a low profile,
okay, guys?
Hey, isn't that
Sonic the Hedgehog?
Yes, it is him.
I wonder what he's doing here.
GIRL:
There he is!
BO Y:
Let's get his autograph.
[All shouting]
Stampede!
We better get out of here quick!
[Breathing heavily]
We can't escape crowds
no matter where we go.
Being famous isn't any fun.
I wish we could just blend in
with the crowd,
but that seems impossible.
We all stick out too much.
It was a lot easier
when we had to hide out
at your house.
Well, at least we lost
that crowd for a little while.
Yeah, why don't we all go for
a swim while we have a chance?
Hey!
Didn't Sonic run here with us?
Where did he go?
Maybe he decided to go look for
that Chaos Emerald by himself.
Sonic, where are you?
Hey, Sonic!
I wish he didn't always
have to do things on his own.
SONIC:
You talkin' about me?
So there you are.
I thought you'd be looking
for the Chaos Emerald,
not taking it easy.
Hmm.
That Chaos Emerald's
out there somewhere,
but I can't find it unless
I get to the bottom
and stay there for a while.
Huh?
Hmm.
So the big problem
is how to get you an air supply
down there, right?
Leave it to me.
[Giggling]
Whee!
CHRIS: Our problem's solved.
Now you can get to the emerald.
I hope you're stickin'
the other end in a milkshake.
No, it's an air hose.
I'll keep this end up here
so you can breathe.
Just make sure
you don't lose the hose,
or you'll be in trouble.
[Muffled]
Yeah, and out of air.
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
Good luck, Sonic!
[Gasps]
[Gurgling]
Wah!
Aah!
[Laughs]
Here, this will work.
You can bring air with you.
It's a diving bell, see?
This is the most ding-a-ling
thing I've ever heard of.
[Panting]
It's hot in here, but it sure
beats breathing through a hose.
Only I can't see where
in the water I'm going.
I wish this thing had a window.
Whoa!
Oh, great, I'm stuck!
This diving bell is useless.
I can't even ring it
to get help.
Any more bright ideas?
We can't give up yet.
There's got to be some way
to reach that emerald.
If we're gonna search
underwater,
the best way to go
is to rent some scuba gear.
You always need to use
professional equipment
or else diving
can be really dangerous.
[Groans]
We'll need five air tanks,
plus flippers,
and a pair of goggles for me.
I should have enough money
with me
to pay for all the diving
equipment and the boat.
How much will that
all cost, sir?
Forget it.
You don't owe me a dime.
The government sent a notice
to all shop owners
that it'll cover your bills
as part of its Sonic budget.
Is there anything else
I can get for you guys?
Uh...
It might help if you told me
what you were diving for.
Uh, we're going to see...
Wow, this awesome ship model
is exactly like the one
in that painting, right?
Uhh. Yeah.
They're the same.
You see, this ship was lost
at sea a long time ago,
and there's a legend
that it sank near here
with a huge load of gold.
Folks here think
the legend's true.
Thanks.
Let's get the boat, guys.
Take care and have fun.
I hope they find
what they're looking for.
AMY:
Don't worry, Sonic.
We'll be with you in case you
get into trouble.
But we know
you'll do great down there.
Remember to take long, deep
breaths, and you'll be okay.
Right.
Then let's go.
You all set, Sonic?
Yep.
Let's dive.
All right, you two, get to work!
Underwater repairs
are the worst.
My circuits get soaked.
Now it's time for the SSTV
"Sonic News Update."
After defeating Dr. Eggman,
Sonic and his friends are taking
a much-deserved holiday.
Holiday?!
He gets a holiday?!
But Sonic is a goof-off.
We work harder than he does.
We have never had a day off
since we were activated!
This is unfair!
Robots need vacations, too!
[Growling]
I'll make Sonic pay.
The Chaos Emerald's
getting brighter.
We must be getting closer.
Hey, look!
Whoa!
That must be the ship the guy in
the diving shop told me about.
It looks like that's where we'll
find the Chaos Emerald, too.
Then, what are we waiting for?
Let's go check it out.
Ha!
Gotcha!
[Snoring]
It's only that squirt, Cheese.
Sonic's not on the boat,
but he's supposed to be.
Oh, where could he be?
[Chuckles] While I'm waiting
to catch Sonic,
I'll catch a few rays, too.
[Bokkun laughs]
Love the bathing suit, Doc.
Did you get that in prison?
Well, Bokkun, I bet Sonic
was feeling really blue
after you gave him that message
for me, wasn't he?
Well.
Having a nice vacation, Sonic?
I hope you aren't.
I hope you forget to use
sunscreen and get burnt.
Wait a...
This message was supposed to
self-destruct
after you played it for Sonic.
Unless you never played it
for him.
You did play it for him,
Bokkun, didn't you?
I tried to, Doc,
but nobody was on the boat
except for
that little cheeseball.
I'm pretty sure all the others
went diving.
Now, here's a little souvenir
to remember your vacation by.
[Laughing evilly]
Aah!
You fool, get that thing
away from me!
It is too late.
[Growling]
You won't wreck my plans again,
Sonic.
I'll wreck you!
Prepare to submerge.
I'll bury Sonic at sea.
Whoa!
Wow!
So the legend was true.
It's amazing.
Think of how much jewelry you
could make with all this gold.
This is glowing
at full brightness now.
I bet the new Chaos Emerald
is buried somewhere
under all this gold.
We'll have to dig through
the treasure to find it.
Right, but that could
take us forever.
[All gasp]
What's that?
Oh, no way.
He's got the Chaos Emerald.
You think he'll give it to us?
Hold it right there.
We need that Chaos Emerald.
[Mumbles]
Drop it, or I'll give you
something to be crabby about.
[Mumbles]
This vacation turned out to be
very rewarding.
We're one emerald closer
to going home!
DR. EGGMAN:
Your vacation is over, Sonic.
[Laughing evilly]
He's going to wish
he never saw the sea.
Clurken, put the sting
on that hedgehog.
You guys get back to the boat.
I can handle Eggman
and this robot myself.
All right,
but be careful, Sonic.
Come on, guys.
Running underwater
is really a drag.
It's impossible
to move fast here.
[Laughs]
He should have known
that water makes
the perfect speed trap.
[Laughing evilly]
This time he's all washed up.
[Sighs]
Is everybody okay?
Of course we are.
[Horn blows]
Ahoy!
Ahoy, Master Chris.
I came to rescue you.
Mr. Tanaka?
We do not have much time.
All of you, get aboard, quickly.
Hold on.
What are you doing here?
I promised your grandfather
I'd keep you out of trouble,
and so I followed you all here.
I saw you needed help
and came faster than you can say
"dinner is served."
Uh. Huh.
Whoa!
Aah!
Hey, get your tentacles
off of me!
Hey, cut it out!
Put him down!
[Laughs]
Uncle Sam, to the rescue.
Uncle Sam!
I heard you might be in a jam,
so I sped right over.
Grab this and you can ski
your way free.
Hyah!
Whoa!
Come on, you can do better
than that, Eggman!
TAILS:
Hey, Sonic!
A ring.
Here, catch.
[Gasps]
All right!
[Chuckles]
Thanks, Sam.
MAN:
Whoa, I can't believe it.
The legend of the sunken ship
is true?
Yeah, but Eggman's robot came
after us and wrecked the wreck.
Whatever's left of that ship
and the treasure
got buried on the sea bottom.
Oh, I see.
But the ship really did exist.
You saw it.
Yeah.
I tried to find that ship
for years.
Thanks to you, I finally have
proof that it was real.
[Sighs]
Then the guy at the diving shop
told me the most amazing story
of all.
Turns out his great-grandfather
was the captain
of that sunken ship we found.
Wow, cool!
I'm sure glad we came here.
Chao! Chao!
And now that Dr. Eggman's gone,
we can enjoy our vacation.
Dr. Eggman struck again today
with a new robot,
but was quickly defeated
by Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic went on to continue
his vacation.
[Growls]
Rest while you can, Sonic.
You're going to need it.